[MRG, ENH] Use OpenNeuro example data for `read_bids_datasets` example (#753)
mne-tools/mne-bids: doc/whats_new.rst

Authors
~~~~~~~

* `Alex Rockhill`_

Detailed list of changes
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Enhancements
^^^^^^^^^^^^

> - Updated the ``read_bid_datasets`` example to use data from OpenNeuro as an example for users on how to do that, by `Alex Rockhill`_ (:gh:`753`)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Updated the "Read BIDS datasets" example to use data from `OpenNeuro <https://openneuro.org>`_, by `Alex Rockhill`_ (:gh:`753`)
```

Requirements
^^^^^^^^^^^^

> - For downloading OpenNeuro datasets, ``openneuro-py`` is now required to run the examples and build the documentation, by `Alex Rockhill`_ (:gh:`753`)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- For downloading `OpenNeuro <https://openneuro.org>`_ datasets, ``openneuro-py`` is now required to run the examples and build the documentation, by `Alex Rockhill`_ (:gh:`753`)
```
